Add UDP FAQ (#908)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/support/faq/rahti-udp.md

# Does Rahti support UDP connections?

> No, meanwhile internal UDP traffic is possible, i.e.: Pod to Pod communications inside the same namespace. It is not possible to contact Rahti using the UDP protocol. Only HTTP/HTTPS is supported for `Route`s, and `oc port-forwarding` only support TCP ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, meanwhile, internal UDP traffic is possible, i.e.: during Pod to Pod communications inside the same namespace. It is not possible to contact Rahti using the UDP protocol. Only HTTP/HTTPS is supported for `Route`s, and `oc port-forwarding` only supports TCP ports.
```
